this is the Pecos Corp just what's
good people Shibui ghost Cory I'm in the
building and it's time to check out what
2k13 and did today so yeah just woke up
not too long ago gotta get ready to go
to work got a lot of paperwork to do I
stuff I got to do so so I started my
morning off saying what's up to y'all
and uh trying to keep y'all on the loop
keep out in the loop and inform you I
was going on updating new content as you
can see as you can see update new
content I'm pretty sure you already know
if you don't know about NBA 2k13 minute
every time something new comes they
pretty much updated in the game so yeah
so let's see what we got this morning
it's portugal ya see so as you see we
got some shoes nike hyperfuse 2012 and
nike hyperposite shoes are now available
in my shoe section of 2k13
and I heard through the grapevine that
Mike D'Antoni was added to the game late
so let's uh just select it real quick
and go in and see if we can find it see
if that's true you know me I'm always
about digging it out make sure that is
Rio ver a little NBA basketball it's so
day night basketball it'll be rudy Gay
in the Memphis I really care facing off
against Dwight Howard and the Los
Angeles layers and the first quarter is
just about ready to get going let's get
out to Los Angeles tomorrow Mike come on
us okay he's gonna do that it's game
time in Los Angeles babies even got a
better regularly
and sleep on trade right guys last a
video was the fields excellent day I got
a Bodhi doing my homework last night
presence in the nola gaming I gotta be
about it he is come online that is crazy
and they anticipate he just changes
speed bladder let's see if I my dear
Tony the most dramatic what I heard he
brings in athletics is over this hour to
the center position Lake emergency in a
long time she'll go so there's game a
win against Miami somebody right there
watching the score tells you how
start instant replay we're gonna back it
up to Blake wherever you are sir hello
okay what are you doing you doing okay
see what we got what's going on over
here uh look like we gotta cut all look
like we got a coach update is that him
yes sir that is Mike D'Antoni NBA 2k13
so guys Mike D'Antoni is in NBA 2k13 for
the LA Lakers today update coaches now a
few years ago they wouldn't doing this
but this year they actually doing it I'm
quite impressed mansion boy Chico's to
corydon building they got new shoes and
we got the coach and I'm praying I wish
it was Phil Jackson though you know
saying but we'll see and we lost our
first game with you to do alrighty goes
to court and signing out good morning
imma holla at y'all we got the coach we
got shoes how